Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will create a custom JWT token from HTTP requests.
Also, we will validate the token to handle requests or to filter requests on JOA or Sprink sibling
presents, lots of HTTP filters and these HTTP filters work enchained.
Not of course, lots of chains can work together, but here we need a specific filter for supreme security.
We should use mass-produced filters since we are doing a database call to retrieve the principal or
the authenticated user.
There is no point in doing this more than once.
After that, we set the principle to the security context.
Once per request, filter guarantees to be just executed was purchased the dual filter implementation
towards a request attribute for already filtered proceeding without filtering again if the attribute
is already there.
Now let's implement it on our court.
To do it, we will create that JWT authorization filter golos under the JWT package.
Then we will extend once per request filter.
Once per request, filter presents lots of matters, but especially ones purchase filter, defiance
and obstruction to filter internal matters.
Implementations will contain the court to execute by a given filter.
If the filter has not been applied in filter methods, we can access HDTV request and responses.
We can also access the filter chain as a parameter.
Then we will all right to do fields of internal matters in this matter.
We will generate authentication from HTTP requests, if you remember that we have already implemented
it in the JWT provider.
So first of all, we should inject the JWT provider Klus we can use Wired to inject it.
By the way, you can think that this filter isn't a supreme being.
So how can use and what's a white non-speaking component?
Yes, absolutely.
We need to create Deanne's for it.
Otherwise, we couldn't use Sprink features.
Let's create a bin for it in the sibling security configuration class.
Now we can return to the filter again.
In the do are matters, we will generate authentication from HTTP requests.
We will call the JWT provider method directly.
Then we will check the token value and we will validated the already have a method for validation checks
also.
Then we will, said spring security, context, authentication, really after finding the authentication,
we will specify the user in the security context and we will say to sibling security, okay, the user
is authenticated successfully.
Finally, we will return the filtered request and response.
OK, that's all about the JWT authorization Fields of Glass.
Now we will call it from security config.
To do it, we can add our filter to discipling security filter chain.
But the important thing is the order of filters.
Here, our filter should be handled before username and password authentication filter because suppling
security expects username and password or authentication on this filter if they use the username and
password authentication filter before our filter.
Our filter Bontrager.
So we should maintain our auditing in this audit.
Let's implement it, HTP Security already has a method for Feltl Auditing and Feltl Addition.
We can directly use that as filter before method here.
Our first filter will be our JWT filter, then username and password authentication filter.
OK, that's all, thank you.